So as I have told you, there’s some people who are materialistic,
some people who are
emotionalistic, and some people who are egoistical.
Now leave all these things on the
sides,
then you come in the centre. Now, you are in the centre.
In the centre, people
enjoy just the love of their Mother, like Shri Ganesha does.
Just think how your Mother
loves you. Finished. Can you?
It’s a very sweet feeling. And who is your Mother,
if you really believe in Her, in Sahaja Yoga, these two things should solve the problem.
No more thinking. Just think how much your Mother loves.
That means you are jumping
onto My Kundalini, and when you jump onto My Kundalini,
then there is no thought.
You cannot think. When you think that, how much your Mother loves you, you are jumping onto My Kundalini.
And that time, there’s no thought.
The Mother Earth Herself is sucking you down.
She’s sucking you down.
That is how
you meditate now. This is how you have to meditate,
and it’s such a security-giving
thing. It will change your expressions, faces, everything.
And that enamoured expression that you find in these people will be on your faces very soon.
And complete silence will exist once you come on My Kundalini.
But not through your mental projection, but through your meditative, spontaneous experience.
It’s very joy-
giving. Just feel the joy of that.
You are all with Me here, and the joy of that feeling will
really enlarge your hearts, and then you can give it to others.
You don’t have to be
crazy about these things, but just to feel it within yourself.
So the Primordial Kundalini, which is reflected in you as your Kundalini,
also is of the
same nature
and it works in the same way. It rises, gives you Self Realization, gives you the powers,
but after all one has to know it is a reflection
and a reflection to make it truthful, real.
You have to look at reality first,
how the real one,
the real Kundalini,
the real Primordial One, how it acts, how it works.
If you start thinking about My
Kundalini only, immediately you will become silent, no question.
You cannot think, just
you become silent.
Just think of any one of My chakras and your chakras will be all right.
But you have to have that depth. You have to have that much protocol.
You have
to have that much right. Just it will act.
Don’t have to do anything. Just you have to
think of My chakras. Just think about My Kundalini.
That’s sufficient.
But you have to
develop that surrendering situation.
Even now there are Sahaja Yogis who doubt.
They have seen the work. They have seen everything, still they doubt
and they yield to
people who are on the periphery.
periphery. And there are Sahaja Yogis who are still sticking on
to many things. They cannot change.
They haven’t got yet that courage to change
themselves.
I don’t say that you have to change anything outside,
outside, but a time comes
you might have to change also,
so you should be prepared.
How much we are
courageous, that is to be weighed and to be found out.
Unless and until you have full
courage, you cannot establish Sahaja Yoga in a quick way.
When you are using your own Kundalini, you have to know that the Kundalini that is your own has problems.
She Herself has gone through various ages and stages and She Herself is sometimes
very much hurt,
very unhappy and very weak and then She cannot rise.
So if you want that this Kundalini that is your own, that is your own mother
has to give you all the nourishment and everything,
you must learn, first of all, foremost thing,
how to surrender to reality.
So if you learn how to surrender to the Primordial Kundalini,
then your Kundalini’s immediately strengthened. It’s like this, supposing you have a stone stone
and you try to put anything on it,
it won’t reflect. Then you improve the wood, still nothing will be
reflected.
Then you paint it, some reflection will come. Then you have the glass. The glass won’t reflect.
But if you use some mercury and make it a mirror, it will reflect, but still it may not be the perfect mirror.
So this is how the kind of reflector you are,
on that depends the kind of reflection you get and the kind of personality you develop.
So there should be no aim as such to be dissolved
into the reality, should be the desire within you.
Start dissolving into it.
Then one does not have to talk about
detachment. One does not have to talk about anything,
about any virtues.
They automatically come because now you have become the Divine. Once you become the Divine,
even your Kundalini becomes absolutely, beautifully, completely reflecting the primordial one.
to go further, you have to have full determination and understanding that this is a tremendous work
and a tremendous task and all your powers to be awakened within yourself.
You have to be first of all fully equipped with readiness,
readiness to serve the Divine.
Unless and until you have that readiness, that “I don’t want anything. I don’t want. I just want to serve the Divine.”
As long as you are striving for it and asking
for it with full heart, with full sincerity,
then I’m sure this Kundalini will be strengthened and She’ll cleanse you completely and you’ll one day be Mahayogis.
The Kundalini has definitely enlightened your Mahalakshmi Principle.
So you can always make out, “What my chakras are? How are they catching?  Where are they catching?”
Instead of avoiding that, you just work it out: what’s the problem,  where is the problem?
Once you work it out then you will be surprised that, as soon as your desire goes inward,
the Kundalini Itself will rush through, and She will cleanse your chakras.
As I was telling you, we do not know our powers.
Only one thing you have to do is to
desire. You have to desire that: “Let my vibrations be all right.
Let my chakras be
cleared out. Let me be in the centre, in the balance.” Just you have to desire!
I mean
it’s such a simple thing to desire. But that also we cannot do.
Our desires are something else, not what we have to be. Just you have to desire that, “Let me be a clean Sahaja Yogi.
Let me be a solid Sahaja Yogi.” There are mediocres who can never be.
I am not talking about them. But so many can be very high up,
can be very high up in Sahaja Yoga.
But their desires are not yet being fully manifested.
So this is the guiding factor for you, this Mahalakshmi Principle,
which works out everything that is balancing you, the equilibrium and the wisdom.
As the light of Mahalakshmi Principle starts, the wisdom dawns upon you.
But the greatest of all is the love: love for God, love for truth.
And you thrive on that love. Just you are there.
I mean, I asked him, “Why so many are here?” They said, “For the puja!”
Why? It’s a sign that you are great Sahaja Yogis,
that you are here because of puja,
that you understand the value of puja and that you need the puja, that you enjoy because it is nourishing to you.
It’s a very good thing, because that shows that
you are very much there,
you are very much understanding the importance of right
things, and you want to do it at any cost.
All these desires are significant because they show
that you are in the Mahalakshmi
Principle and you want to keep on that one.
I would say, there is a simple one that you can do is just to be on my Kundalini,
if you can: just try to be in my Kundalini, on my Kundalini. Just put attention. You can,
all of  you can. Any problem, just put your attention onto my Kundalini,
and you will be all right, you will just become thoughtless, because there’s no thought.
This is the best way to do it, is to just solve all problems by putting attention on my Kundalini.
And, by that your ego will definitely dissolve, because then you will know that,
“Mother is doing everything. I am doing nothing. So why should I be proud of it?”
Also the conditionings will dissolve because my Kundalini is absolutely pure,
it’s not
attached to anyone. It is not even attached to Sahaj Yoga.
It is not attached to anyone.
The job it has got to do is to nourish everything.
If it can nourish, well and good. If it
does not nourish, well and good.
It depends on what do you want.
You want to be nourished: all right, so the Kundalini
is there, the Mahalakshmi Principle is there,
it will nourish you. But if you don’t want,
nobody is going to force you in any way.
Nobody is going to jump on you or form
some sort of a formidable oppression: nothing of the kind.
It’s just like a River Ganges,
you can say, which is flowing.
Now if you want you can fill up your pitchers.
If you
don’t want, She is not going to enter into your pitchers.
She is not going to come in
your house and get into your pitchers.
So there has to be a desire to get it, and that is what is called as bhakti.
Bhakti is the desire, the devotion, to get
the joy of bhakti. It’s such a beautiful thing. I wish, I could
do the bhakti to someone, but I can’t do.
Because I see you, when you are in bhakti,
you just get lost into it. So much you enjoy.
It’s such an enjoyable thing.
Then you don’t think, you just enjoy the bhakti. And that’s what is the most coveted,
the highest, state where you are just one with the Divine and just swimming in the ocean of joy.
So this Mahalakshmi Principle is to be
preserved and has to be always watched and looked into.
And the blessings of Mahalakshmi are so many that, I tell you,
I cannot even tell them in one lecture; I’ll have to give at least ten lectures.
But you yourself
know what are the blessings of this Mahalakshmi Principle is.
The greatest is the
complete self-contentedness: it’s absolutely self-contented.
You don’t want to grab something, you don’t want to run after something,
you are just
self-contended.
You don’t want any publicity, you don’t want any comfort, nothing. You are comfortable in your Spirit.
This is the greatest blessing of this Mahalakshmi Principle.
And, if that is so, then why not we look after our Mahalakshmi Principle and forget about the rest.
May God bless you all.